Wait, is it recording? Yeah.
Yep.
Ohh yeah.
Alright. So we'll just start with, which did you do yesterday? What are you going to do today? And did you have any issues that then the lower you 2 continue work ISA?
Okay. Yeah. Well, in the weekend I just worked. So just talk about what I did Friday.
So we did the Sprint for few together Sprint planning together and already started on Streamlets and yeah, that's what I did Friday. Nothing is blocking me in today. I'm gonna watch a few tutorials about streamlet and already start the application at Ali Shan wanted me and Michael to finish Friday.
There.
Ohh Michael.
Sorry, I there's some guy with power drill.
The.
For me, yeah. I haven't done anything either on the weekend, but.
On Friday I started doing some tutorials on stream late.
Hmm.
For the.
Ohh I tried to do some map visualisations but it.
I have problems with that so and I guess I will do those two things today as well.
Alright, alright. Can we help you with something or?
Ohh.
I think I just need more.
I need to look into it, but I guess I need to watch some tutorial on it like on the like. It's just weird like some different file types and blah blah. So I I think I need to figure it out myself.
Girlfriend though.
Um, yesterday or like during the weekends, I mainly worked on like retakes.
But.
And yesterday I did watch some streaming videos and today I'm planning on working on the day of Quality report.
OK.
So far, nothing's blocking me.
Yeah.
Ohh that's good.
That's good.
Yeah.
Ohh wait, let me look at Sprint planning cause.
We have a card that says that have been discussed like the input and output selection. Do we do that tomorrow with Max?
Yeah, I I think we could do that because.
Yeah, I can't. Yeah.
Alright.
Marks will be working on the model so.
Would be good.
Yeah. And then tomorrow we can also do the ILO progress with the four of us.
Hmm.
Yeah. OK, then that's good.
Ohh.
What else do?
What else is there?
Basically, yeah, like the model and streamlined, I think right? For for this week.
Basically.
Ohh no, I mean ohh no. Marwa has data quality and OKD never.
Ohh right, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean.
Do we like, do we want to put your prioritise certain card or do you guys think this is fine?
I.
I don't know I.
Think we need to? Yeah, everyone has to do something about streaming to understand this.
Hmm.
Yeah.
It is.
Hmm.
And then I'll try. I also try to like work on the design **** that we need to.
Finish.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know if we have to allege. Allison wants us to by Friday to prepare like, some some apple extremely that always like already working and I don't know if it's supposed to be with this wire frame or it's just for for later like.
Do you know maybe.
Ohh.
Yeah.
I think it's without the wire frame, it's just to showcase that we understand how streaming it works. So he said just one map or one visual.
OK.
Don't you don't. That shouldn't be hard.
No. True. So Moroccan work on the wire frame later this week, so it doesn't have to be done today or tomorrow.
Ohh.
Yeah. Yeah. No, no stress.
Hi.
Not really a priority now.
Yeah, that's good.
So I guess everyone knows what to do so.
Yeah.
Take your fine for today now. Or do you guys wanna say something?
Ohh.
Well, I just wanna say that if anyone needs any help, if they're retakes, especially bloxy, you can text me. Ask me for anything. And for streamlets.
Ohh Michael, she need me. You can text me and.
OKOK.
I can help you or send this video to maybe I found that will help or something.
OK, maybe I will. I'll remember this.
Okay.
Alright, I.
So now I have no I have very important news as well.
Ohh well.
Ohh.
I wanted to say that.
Um.
Have a good day.
Ohh.
Happy birthday.
Have a good day.
Have a go.
I mean if you.
OK, you should have a good day.
OK.
To you.
Alright, stop according.
I think it automatically stops recording if you leave the goal.
Alright, like I don't wanna leave the call first, so why don't you guys go?
You just get out.
We can also just wait. I can. I think I can stop recording for you. Are you? You just have to press the three dots and then stop recording.
The.
OK, OK, I got it. Got it. Yes.
Yeah.